the basket as often as possible and try
to create some foul situations for
themselves
rice is open what mrs. Glen Rice stone
missing the open shot continues to be a
story of the first playoff game he made
15 of 19 in a win against the hop since
then only 41% he is playing with a sore
thumb on his shooting hand
Wesley misfires on a three that
Charlotte has the rebound rice with the
head fake on Pippen now the jumper and
Scottie Bloxom
but - I'm off its heart Samar rice
the frame and his shooting woes continue
as we mentioned Scottie Pippen is member
of the NBA's all-defensive team for the
seventh time Michael Jordan for the
night
these guys are perennials you often see
their names on the list Gary Payton the
glove and matumbo the Defensive Player
of the Year for the third time now you
talk about Pippins defense then rice is
over five
now Pippen good times demons in the lane
trust we defenders and Pippen pokes it
away kurt picks it up your Scottie
Pippins first basket rice quickly back
not many guys can help you as much when
they're not scoring as pip and jac but
look at his overall foreplay look what
he's done defensively look at the feed
just there to Kukoc you know over the
last four to five years Scottie Pippen
is the second best player in my opinion
in the league right behind Michael
Jordan he does so many things for this
team offensively and defensively and
when he wasn't there they missed his
leadership
most of our pimping will try to exert
his offensive will on the game he's
already shipped rice down right sit over
5 caddy change it yes he can
you're in for the first time for the
Hornets this is rice shooting over
Burrell happy to see anybody other than
Pippen on him rice goes to work one to
the double-team or otherwise then Rice's
punishing and that's three field goals
without the double-team
Vijay off
Kapaun who has done such a good job on
rice
long leo around a double-team three
seconds to shoot curry out of the corner
no got his own rebound d-bots with room
short and it's Pippen here is rice on
the run on the last no good G BOTS try
to follow and the palace on the Hornets
rice was forced to take a tough shot
he's trying to come off the screen
Pippen had him locked up in the screen
and when he finally freed himself he was
off-balance and he couldn't turn
according to get squared up he says he
comes in he isn't really unbalanced and
he can't really get squared up because
of congestion that he was trying to get
through Glen Rice again on Burrell he
scored all eight of his points in this
game on Burrell let's see if they goes
to him and he can shake himself free
he's not there the score on Pippen and
Burrell commits the foul off the fall
trying to deny Rice position Harper
can't make it two in a row
hippin gets back and picks it off
Wesley was hanging back trying to steal
a basket hip and made the defensive play
and may have hurt himself he was holding
his lower back and the Bulls asked for
time
let's take a look maybe we can pick up
how it happened as pimping goes up to
intercept this past watch as he comes
down on that one leg and I think he
twisted his back and see him grab his
back all the force and weight came down
on that one leg watch as he extends and
he comes down on that right leg and boom
there it is and all the force is
registered right into that lower back
you see him grabbing his back right away
now after my first year coaching in
Chicago with Scottie Pippen he had back
surgeries and responded well and came
back so this is a guy after his first
year in the NBA did have back surgery
but see I love Scottie Pippen because
he's a warrior if you can think back to
last year and that watch it's a series
that they won three to one
it goes into Washington and he gets the
last shot where he's hanging on the rim
and he falls flat on his back and he
gets right back up here's a lob
all right thanks Bob's got a big one as
you saw just squishing his back a little
bit a sharp pain but as you can see he's
still in the game so he's fine
Steve pivot Scotty buries the J and now
picks off the pass he's gone
huge mistake by not child challenging
Scottie to see if that back was okay
they let him rest during that three four
minute period and now he's got himself
back into a rhythm feeling okay and now
he's ready to attack again
you see Scottie Pippen out in the
passing lane he gets to steal but more
importantly what I watched was a Scottie
Pippen laid this ball in the basket the
body language of the Charlotte Hornets
it's almost like you know what guys we
can't win this game nobody even runs
Scottie down turns around lays the ball
in the basket and I watched the whole
Charlotte team as they walked over to
Dave Cowens in that 20-second timeout
and right now their spirits are about as
down as I've seen in this game
the pass intended for the cutting rice
is picked off by Rodman talk about team
defense Michael Jordan fronting the pose
Dennis Rodman they're going to flash and
try to go high-low
Lonnie catches it Rodman reads it all
the way they go to Glen Rice Rodman
there is the interceptor team defense at
its best that's why the Bulls of the
champions here is BJ with carotid
last minute it's 20 seconds of the third
quarter a third quarter which began with
Chicago up by four they now lead by 17
with an errant pass he recovers in two
seconds shot clock violation the basket
doesn't count
they were trying to run a play right
there for rice and scottie pippen did an
excellent job in the post forced them to
their second option tipping has been all
over rice this evening this is the Bulls
yeah
of the champions on the road the Bulls
actually take it to an extreme look at
their averaging at home this year and on
the road this is a third 50% plus game
shooting look at the scoring
differential the rebounding they love
being on the road that they love the
challenge of silencing the other teams
home crowd
rice with Kiptyn guarding him fade away
tough shot doesn't hit it
and here comes Pippen Glen Rice has just
two points in the second half of this
game dr. Charlotte right now you can't
concede you got to keep playing because
you got another game coming up in
Chicago and this is a seven game series
you really don't want to give in right
now
Armstrong behind Macy's screen try to
work himself free baseline jumper
overshot it and it's grabbed by Rodman
one
rice for three that's the first he said
he's one for four on Three's 6 of 16
overall 13 points in the game he's
played every minute for Dave Cowens to